Stop
Long Jingtian, you actually appeared
Dad, you're finally back.
You look exactly like in the photo.
I miss you so much!
I will never leave your mother again
How could he have abandoned our mother and daughter for so many years?
Humph Ye Fanxin
Longjing Tian is probably three wives and four concubines now
I'm afraid I'm here to steal the child from you this time.
Can't take my daughter away
Can't take him away
No, Van Xian
When I come back this time, it means that you and your daughter are not needed.
I've already paid for the medical bills
Immediate surgery
You're gonna be okay. Swear
Don't worry mom
Dad, save mom
Doctor doctor
Help! Help!
Stop
I can't tell, just Ye Fanxin is not allowed to save
Anyone who dares to save him today
I'll let my dad fire someone